You’ve harmed me terribly.
Why are you blaming me?
Why are you accusing me?
If it’s not me, don’t come looking for me.
Then go find Lin Guiren. Why are you supporting me?
I don’t know anything.
Blame it on the master. Go find him and don’t come to me.
Ah, perfect.
Ah, Your Majesty.
We’re both exhausted.
Your Majesty, spare me.
I was just confused for a moment.
Your Majesty, please spare me.
Get someone to take Chun Lan back to Cining Palace.
No!
Please spare me!
Your Majesty, please spare me.
Chun Lan, I’ll take her back and report.
Lin Guiren will be dealt with by Your Majesty and the Empress.
It’s getting late.
We should avoid disturbing the Empress Dowager.
Wait until dawn.
I’ll personally have him thrown into the dungeon.